DataGrid: update comparison information (T890180) (#5112)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/autoNavigateToFocusedRow.md

[note] You must specify the component's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/#height) to ensure that the **autoNavigateToFocusedRow** property works properly.

> If you set the [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) property to **true**, the DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`). This logic does not work if ODataStore is bound to a table with GUID keys. You need to disable the **autoNavigateToFocusedRow** or **remoteOperations** properties for proper operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set the [remoteOperations](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/remoteOperations/) property to **true**, the DataGrid generates additional requests with comparison operators (for example, `<` and `>`). This logic does not work if ODataStore is bound to a table with GUID keys. You need to disable the **autoNavigateToFocusedRow** or **remoteOperations** properties to ensure it operates correctly.
```
